-----------HOMEPAGE-----------
The Hostel has one of the best locations in Scotland. From the attractive loch-side garden, the views across to mountain range are breathtaking. Good facilities mean the hostel is popular with walkers and tourist alike.

There are otters, badgers and pine martins in the area. Red deer are numerous, and on the mountains ravens, ptarmigan, golden eagles and mountain hares can be seen on occasion.

We are well situated for walking and exploring some of Scotland's most celebrated scenery"!

With no mobile phone reception the emphasis here is on tranquillity and relaxation!

------- HOMEPAGE CONTACT INFO----------
© Copyright Backpacker's Hostel. Telephone: +44 (0)141 123 456. Email: backpackers@hostel.com


------ FACILITIES-----------

Cafe
    Open during summer session: open to non-residents
Internet
    Fast WiFi across the whole property
Washing machines
    Cost: £2.00
On site shop
    Selling a selection of snacks and drinks
Self-catering Facilities
    Local ingredients can be bourght in our on site shop
Lounge area
    To relax and meet new people

--------ACCOMODATION-------
 What's Included:

    - Accommodation in shared dormitories: bunk, pillow, flat sheet and pillow case are provided. You will need to bring your own sleeping bag. Access to shared toilets and washing facilities. Access to self catering facilities. Basic cutlery, crockery and cooking utensils are provided.
    - Accommodation in group rooms: bed with duvet and bed linen. Access to shared toilets, washing facilities. Access to self catering facilities. Basic cutlery, crockery and cooking utensils are provided.
    - Accommodation in double rooms: double bed with duvet and bed linen. Access to shared toilets, washing facilities. Access to self catering facilities. Basic cutlery, crockery and cooking utensils are provided.

------- MENU ------
Daily specials e.g.
    Haggis
    Neeps and Tatties
    Fish and Chips
All-day Breakfast
Wholemeal bread sandwiches
Baked potatoes with fillings
Home baked cakes, Tea breads and flapjacks


